README.md, before:

# Excel Fabric Roll Viewer

A desktop application built with Node.js and Electron to view and search through Excel files containing fabric roll data.

## Features

- 📁 Load Excel files (.xlsx, .xls, .csv)
- 📊 Display data in a clean, responsive table
- 🔍 Real-time search across all columns
- 🏷️ Column-specific filtering
- 📱 Responsive design for different screen sizes
- 🎨 Modern, beautiful UI with gradient themes
- ⚡ Fast performance with large datasets

## Supported Excel Columns

The application is optimized for textile roll sticker data with these columns:

### Required Columns:
- **Serial #** - Serial number (e.g., "TJ 01.07.2025-Roll 19")
- **Inhouse date** - Date in DD.MM.YYYY format (e.g., "07.01.2025")
- **PO Number** - Purchase order number (e.g., "FOC")
- **Vendor Name** - Supplier name (e.g., "teejay")
- **Invoice Number** - Invoice number (e.g., "90102255")
- **Batch** - Batch number (used for QR code - e.g., "8125888")
- **Roll Number** - Roll number (e.g., "1", "4", "30")
- **GRN QTY(M/YD)** - Quantity in meters/yards (e.g., "20", "100.701")

### Optional Columns:
- **Brand** - Brand name (defaults to "ELESSE")
- **LOT No** - LOT number
- **Material** - Material code
- **Material Description** - Description of material
- **UOM** - Unit of measure
- **Item** - Item code
- **Fabric Type** - Type of fabric
- **Shade Group** - Color/shade
- **Actual Width** - Width specification
- **Roll Weight** - Weight of roll
- **Storage Bin** - Storage location

*Sample file: `teejay-sample-data.xlsx` included with correct format.*

## Installation

1. **Install Node.js** (if not already installed)
   - Download from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/)
   - Choose the LTS version

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Development Mode
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production Mode
```bash
npm start
```

### Building for Distribution
```bash
npm run build
```

## How to Use

1. **Launch the application**
   - Run `npm start` or `npm run dev`

2. **Load an Excel file**
   - Click the "📁 Load Excel File" button
   - Select your Excel file (.xlsx, .xls, or .csv)
   - The data will be displayed in a table

3. **Search and Filter**
   - Use the search box to find specific records
   - Use the column filter dropdown for more specific filtering
   - All searches are case-insensitive and work in real-time

## File Structure

```
excel-fabric-viewer/
├── src/
│   ├── main.js              # Electron main process
│   ├── preload.js           # Preload script for security
│   └── renderer/
│       ├── index.html       # Main UI
│       ├── styles.css       # Styling
│       └── renderer.js      # Frontend logic
├── package.json             # Dependencies and scripts
└── README.md               # This file
```

## Technologies Used

- **Electron** - Desktop app framework
- **Node.js** - Runtime environment
- **XLSX** - Excel file parsing library
- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript** - Frontend technologies

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **File won't load**
   - Ensure the Excel file isn't corrupted
   - Try saving the file in a different format (.xlsx recommended)
   - Check that the file isn't password protected

2. **Application won't start**
   - Run `npm install` to ensure all dependencies are installed
   - Check that Node.js is properly installed

3. **Performance issues with large files**
   - The application can handle thousands of rows
   - For very large files (>10,000 rows), consider splitting the data

### Getting Help

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check the console for error messages (Ctrl+Shift+I in development mode)
2. Ensure your Excel file has proper headers in the first row
3. Try with a smaller test file first

## License

MIT License - feel free to modify and distribute as needed.

Commit message:

feat: Revamp README, update app name and description, and enhance features for Sticker Maker feat: Implement print preview functionality and improve UI for better user experience feat: Redesign sticker layout to focus on text-only display, removing QR code generation refactor: Update styles for improved readability and consistency across the application fix: Adjust sample data file to align with new sticker design requirements

README.md, after:

# Sticker Maker

A desktop application built with Node.js and Electron to generate print-ready, text-only stickers for fabric rolls from Excel data.

## Features

- Load Excel files (.xlsx, .xls, .csv)
- Generate clean, text-only stickers with all fields visible
- Print 4 stickers per A4 page
- High contrast black text on white background
- Standardized font sizes for maximum readability
- Preview before printing
- Support for all 19 standard textile data fields

## Supported Excel Columns

The application is optimized for textile roll sticker data with these columns:

### Required Columns:
- **Serial #** - Serial number (e.g., "TJ 01.07.2025-Roll 19")
- **Inhouse date** - Date in DD.MM.YYYY format (e.g., "07.01.2025")
- **PO Number** - Purchase order number (e.g., "FOC")
- **Vendor Name** - Supplier name (e.g., "teejay")
- **Invoice Number** - Invoice number (e.g., "90102255")
- **Batch** - Batch number (used for QR code - e.g., "8125888")
- **Roll Number** - Roll number (e.g., "1", "4", "30")
- **GRN QTY(M/YD)** - Quantity in meters/yards (e.g., "20", "100.701")

### Optional Columns:
- **Brand** - Brand name (defaults to "ELESSE")
- **LOT No** - LOT number
- **Material** - Material code
- **Material Description** - Description of material
- **UOM** - Unit of measure
- **Item** - Item code
- **Fabric Type** - Type of fabric
- **Shade Group** - Color/shade
- **Actual Width** - Width specification
- **Roll Weight** - Weight of roll
- **Storage Bin** - Storage location

*Sample file: `teejay-sample-data.xlsx` included with correct format.*

## Installation

1. **Install Node.js** (if not already installed)
   - Download from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/)
   - Choose the LTS version

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Development Mode
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production Mode
```bash
npm start
```

### Building for Distribution
```bash
npm run build
```

## How to Use

1. **Launch the application**
   - Run `npm start` or `npm run dev`

2. **Load an Excel file**
   - Click the "Load Excel File" button
   - Select your Excel file (.xlsx, .xls, or .csv)
   - Stickers will be generated for each row in the Excel file

3. **Preview and Print**
   - Click "Print Preview" to see how stickers will look when printed
   - Click "Print Stickers" to open your system's print dialog
   - Use A4 paper, portrait orientation, and print at actual size (100% scale)
   - Each A4 page will fit 4 stickers (2×2)

## File Structure

```
sticker-maker/
├── src/
│   ├── main.js              # Electron main process
│   ├── preload.js           # Preload script for security
│   └── renderer/
│       ├── index.html       # Main UI
│       ├── styles.css       # Styling
│       └── renderer.js      # Frontend logic
├── teejay-sample-data.xlsx  # Sample Excel data
├── package.json             # Dependencies and scripts
└── README.md                # This file
```

## Sticker Design

- **Layout**: Clean 3-column grid showing all 19 fields
- **Text**: Black text on white background with no colors or icons
- **Fonts**: Standardized sizes (10px for labels, 12-14px for values)
- **Header**: Simple black bar with title and serial number
- **Print Layout**: 4 stickers per A4 page (2×2 grid)
- **Fields**: All fields from Excel clearly labeled and visible

## Technologies Used

- **Electron** - Desktop app framework
- **Node.js** - Runtime environment
- **XLSX** - Excel file parsing library
- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript** - Frontend technologies

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **File won't load**
   - Ensure the Excel file isn't corrupted
   - Try saving the file in a different format (.xlsx recommended)
   - Check that the file isn't password protected

2. **Application won't start**
   - Run `npm install` to ensure all dependencies are installed
   - Check that Node.js is properly installed

3. **Performance issues with large files**
   - The application can handle thousands of rows
   - For very large files (>10,000 rows), consider splitting the data

### Getting Help

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check the console for error messages (Ctrl+Shift+I in development mode)
2. Ensure your Excel file has proper headers in the first row
3. Try with a smaller test file first

## License

MIT License - feel free to modify and distribute as needed.
